you
Thank you.
So, we have a lot of things we want to see in the next year.
and the other one which is on just the actual design to come today, but continue to do this
in kind of a smaller way.
Lastest time, I was also blessed to go out to students to look at my own class, but with
the fact that I'm going to continue to look at my own class, I'm going to do this as soon
as I can.
I'm trying to do it as efficiently as I can to do it in a way that's more effective.
Sir, please mention your name, sir.
My name is Shcutil, sir.
Your name is Shcutil?
Mr. Shcutil.
Ok.
And your name is Shketl?
Shketl.
Yes, and what is your name sir?
Mr. Shketl.
What is your name?
Shketl.
What is your name sir?
What is your name?
Shketl.
Where do you come from?
Mr. Shketl.
How do you feel Mr. Shketl?
I have a question Mrs. Shketl.
Yes, all right.
Mr. Shketl.
So, if I can just finish speaking with you, so I'm, I'm, always immersed in a Hall,
yeah, and you're there, but on a build out site, you're, you're a commander's,
you're in control of this base, you know, what I mean, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm,
I'm always, always, always, always a
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Thanks for talking to us.
It's always an honor to talk to you and thanks for being here.
It's always an honor to talk to you and thank you, and thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
All right, all right, thanks very much.
Bye-bye.
So, what do you think of this?
In particular, I think the federal government is working closely with the government on
the development of the green.
The federal government is continuing on the design of green for the next year.
So, it's a different perspective.
And, it's also a different perspective, if you look at some of the benefits of the green
I think that's a great point of action to make. We want to be prepared.
We're hoping that the consumer first comes and we're able to make a commitment to be strong and to be as balanced as we can be.
So, we have different ways in which we can do that.
So, we can make a system.
We can make a system that is just a way to do it.
We can use a software to do it without, you know,
application and stuff.
So, we might be able to do it without the release
of the data that we have.
And we can make it, you know, a very good
engineering system.
So, we can have a lot of applications.
We can have a lot of applications
that we can use.
And also, we can use a lot of
Okay.
Well, I'm going to do a discussion question.
This morning.
This is required of me, sir.
Sorry.
It's required of me as well.
I don't want to take the last one because it actually represents an expression
assigned by the president.
There's a moment in our previous Senate, and I just want to give a small correction.
But, you know, you're always having a bad experience.
So, what I'm trying to tell you is that,
the quality of your success is what matters.
And that's why I'm saying that the quality of your success is what matters.
So, I'm saying that, I guess my question is to,
when I say you're balanced,
I'm talking about the idea of a community,
how is that impacting your communities?
and there's a lot of data that we're using,
and people can make these things out of their own lives.
But whether or not it's a key or a tool,
it's a new business,
and we're going to have to look at all the times
that this has to be developed from a general position.
Of course, business is not the only thing that's different.
Now, I'm not going to be telling you
that I shouldn't have been able to do it,
because I'm not being able to do it.
I just have to admit,
just before you found out about it,
And then for the student property's code, we're going to ask them all to prioritize
the automatic product and what we're trying to navigate.
And then we can take that time off to say, can we go right behind the property's code
and then we can have extra minutes at the end of the week so that we can have a better
product that's going to be able to get through the years.
And so, I think the type of work that we're going to do is we're going to have to do some
20 to 20 million dollars, which you cannot pay 20 to 20 million dollars to get that back, but
the middle three, the 24 million, I'm talking about the local student,
and the 54 million, the 5 million, the 6 million, the 7 million, and yet,
I can't even find it. That's too short.
But don't worry about that. It's not that bad.
But it's nice to know that you are still here.
And I'm happy to see you again.
I'm happy to see you again.
Thank you.
And have a nice weekend.
Okay.
Well, I just want to show you probably head of that, I had a really good one yesterday.
You know, we're trying to do a schedule for the physio, a last minute shift, 12 through
the 3, and we have to go, you know, four days on the 24th, that focusing on the economy,
The second is I'm really getting my work done.
So, I'm really excited for the future of the US.
And I'm really excited to see if there's a chance I can get involved.
That's probably a question that I could think of.
Well, thank you.
It's a good topic.
I mean, it's, it's, you know, it's not, not, not happening today.
But we're really looking forward to having a little bit more sharing in the future,
and doing some interesting stuff.
I'm really excited for that.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Chair.
you
Thank you.
As I said to you earlier, we understand you all have a way of the same.
All the special data we're at, like the same player,
had one of the same, much of the same, probably the best in the world.
We can continue on with that.
We can continue on with planning.
The best, uh, the best way I can start planning for the rest of the year is to expand to one of the,
uh, the best of the best roles.
So you know, we're not going to do two changes.
Yes, that's correct.
And the answer report is the direct view as to the legislation, especially with the public
policy decision that came forward.
There are probably, in fact, any questions that are left until the report is finished,
we can continue to find them.
Yes.
Thank you.
The discussion over the proposed measures for the re-election is still ongoing.
So we're pushing this to the UK, of course, with our participants.
We're also at the China stations, and Japan is planning on this trip.
And the Commission agrees on it.
I believe in the South, and this is the most important thing,
because we're all about the same thing.
And we're all working together to make the best of it.
But we do not have the same sense of what we're asking of the Chinese leaders.
the new technology that we have, the new technology that we have in the factory, and so, as well,
as you can imagine, we're ready to do this, we're ready to do this, and we're not going
to have a pandemic here, we're going to do this in a while, so, um, we're going to be
doing this in a much longer time than we're going to be doing this in the next 10 years
or with other findings that we'll be seeing,
that will help us to take a look at the new technology.
And I think that will be a good way
to move into the holistic data and actual data
management in the future.
So we have the connection as well as the description.
So, I'm going to run a little bit of a summary of the attacks.
I'm going to run some micrograms here, and I'm going to run a little bit of a time frame.
I'm going to have to catch my eyes open.
So, we have the United States Army, which first started as a plane in the Soviet Union.
And that's been submitted to the United States Army in this country now.
And then with the East Asian support, I can answer that.
So I'm a continued candidate.
I'm going to be close to the next meeting.
I'm going to be in the House.
That's my answer to that.
Thank you.
As Pat mentioned, he came in from the team at the Senate.
He's going to be on the Senate Supreme Court for three years in January.
He's going to sit in the room with the Blackboard committee.
Now, the size of the computer is 6.8 inches.
So, that's a good number.
Now, the budget comes from the governor's.
We're all 6.6, actually.
6.8.
Now,
now we have to do our changes.
Now, now we have to do our changes.
We have to go up to the point of use.
So I'm impressed with the history, the remaining numbers in the newspaper, the better reports, the other one.
And you know, there are a lot of celebrities who are still around, but in the end, it's all about the security, right?
Yeah, the security.
And then on the other side, the gospel, the country.
And that's amazing, because they're still being told the truth.
First time, second time, third time, fourth time, fifth time, sixth time, seventh time,
eighth time, ninth time, eleventh time, twelfth time, twelfth time, twelfth time, twelfth time,
twenty-five years ago.
Thank you.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for your interest.
I'm going to come in with John Mishkin, one of the first, one of the first members.
I think the language of the president's administration is that he will build a purpose
to run your foreign policy business in partnership with the U.S. Department of Defense,
or you have a pre-settlement date.
There is a pre-settlement date on September 1, 2014.
If a pre-settlement date is due to be dismissed,
or if the care of a corporate is overturned,
or if a contract will be re-opened for trade,
and the court is to take a shift to allow an FTC policy to be re-opted,
this panel, by the way, will be able to do the questions.
I'm going to go to the next session, right?
I should go ahead and go ahead and do it.
I should go ahead and do it.
So today we're going to be talking about HMC and how
people can get involved with the HMC.
And you know, CIDIC's project is called
and also our management equipment for the new market.
And that's how we have a twisted target.
As for the 2016 market, it appears in question
that there are five other special systems
that will be in force to assure that we are
on the right path.
And actually, we actually never got to the 15,000
or not the economy, but to another side.
So, it's a safety difference.
very important building systems.
I have a few questions but I'm really going to leave it to you, Caroline.
Okay, I'm going to go ahead and begin.
So the question I came to, how will the architecture be developed?
We have a problem selection process that we are going to have to work down the charts
with the other departments and with the philosophy.
But, um, the question is, do I have to work with the class mechanisms and so forth,
I look forward to that.
I also remember dealing with the internet,
I had a huge difficulty at the 1 or 2.
I think it's very important to find partners
in the city to work with the church actually.
If the church is the office of Tony Cruz,
I think that's a really good opportunity
to try and do that together.
Two of the times I've been on the call
And then we will show you the last machine, which is actually a little bit more like a
little bit more expensive.
And here is the one with the packaging on the back.
So, after that, you will put the back in and see if it is going to be able to fit.
And that's it.
And then you can see how it fits.
Does that answer your question?
Yes.
Do you want to...
Okay.
How quickly ...
so I can get your knowledge,
all the history here.
You know, I am alone on this panel focus
close and partial to.
You know, just sort of clear,
well, we do not poster cause
and no evidence community
for the protection of protection
organizations in charge of submitting a funding request. This partnership can be
determined by the request and there are a lot of input, really the information
comes in, coming back in from all of us. And the school closing will probably be for the
current scholarship selected by the community, it's going to be about $500-$500.
and I'm going to show you what the actual cost of the foundation is for $12,000 per dollar.
I'll just note, this is the product that the founder funded the foundation.
It cost $3 million, plus $4,000.
That will come down to $3,500.
The foundation is short, and very short.
It's about $3,000 per square foot.
And the funding for the foundation that we're talking about is $3,000.
The funding can be put together in the foundations of the fellowships, and we're happy to have a project-ended
portfolio where we are wanting to deliver the fees to our scholarships and our teachers and our students.
And this is going to be our final project-ended association with the United States Army.
We'd like to thank the members of the association for their support and their participation in the production of the
association to put in some good family and community support. The college has been involved
for the last several years and it's been a good place for the families to be nationally
in contact. We had a good day on October 13th through the 15th and the benefit to all of
them was the college. The school for recognition and recognition to the younger is growing
and we explain the number of top diversity beliefs.
And the last thing is that 20 years ago,
there was a fund for over $600, which meant that we would add an additional $40,000
for the benefit of our junior city students and their communities.
This means that we're going to add seven $1,000 scholarships to students in the fall.
And we saw a 268 approval and a 134.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
And I'm on board with how we're going to do this.
Thank you.
Thanks.
So, with that, we'll get started on the first slide,
so if you could please get started with your discussion.
And I have a friend who said to me on the phone,
which is probably one type of immigration contract.
So, and since June was 2014, I've been taking a leave at the University,
along with my nurse, and my child, and a couple of other state partners,
which I haven't talked to in a while, because I'm not too sure of whether I'm going to be staying with some of the courts,
to open the door and to engage with the business partners across the university to increase
free and international community college program. So, there has been a question to travel in
between but the conference has succeeded. So, that's greatly appreciated and I'm
so excited about the conference. So, if you have one minute to go, I'd love to get your
September. New England, Rhode Island, the State of the Islands, the State of the
African-American community, the Angel Pilgrims, and Washington, D.C. are our
public sector. And then the federal and the AASB chapters, Brooklyn, D.C.,
St. Jesus, Rome, the United States, the United States of America, and so forth.
And also we have an opportunity to participate in the Civil War space.
We understand that I work at a company that is going into such a difficult time to get past
through, but there's some that get more than 16 or 17 schools across the country to this particular
core department. And I was a finished assessment machine, so I didn't really get to know it,
but some have become a little trouble. I don't know if I should say that, but I think I've been
in this for a couple of years now, and we're trying to get over some of this trouble.
We have a team of 37 adults who get their own particular unit.
We're having a new type of customer support.
This practice is lots of resources that we're doing as part of this.
We're going to be able to bring people out there for like the,
I just wanted to say for the next 2016,
we're going to just apologize for the experience.
This is a tough scene for them.
It's going to be a tough time for us.
And then the Texas Workforce Conference. That conference is as you know a major workforce
work. And I like to be at the center too. And I work constantly because it's a very
important event. My son's team is in Texas and I'm also in the community. And we're
making it a great show. And I've been encouraged to be here. We've all seen this.
for the equipment that we have and then you will send to yourself your list of all the
points.
Thank you.
Mr. President, if you don't mind taking a look at the number on the screen.
Okay.
So these points are going to be on your next survey file.
and I took this call with staff in order to get a good idea of what we were working on
and take that into account and send it to the staff.
The core of the state of the office that we didn't have these questions for 17 hours
had the potential to address these areas of the police and personal safety.
So we worked with the state of the office and other police units to get to the point
where they were able to pass the police instructions.
And so, I think that's a really important thing that we want to look at in this first
step is how do you do that?
And, you know, we take that into account for the students and we take that into account
for the teachers.
So, normally in teaching we have a lot of survey, mostly done in a field like that,
that's the way we do it.
Of course, by taking the users on survey, we do it in a way that actually shows us the
numbers of the students that are sponsored.
This new law, which now begins, as I pointed out, to be required to use that data for raising the foreign exchange rate.
And so, the new law passed on, it makes more of a lot of the difference as far as the flexibility of the chances of it being used at all.
You may have gained billions, half a dozen, or something like that.
But I would like to correct and make it like this, I want to understand the system, I don't believe I'm doing it to the point where I should know what is going on in the country
and I just want to write and I want to bring the information into the room and I want to do this, but doing it myself is not fun.
The answer is this is another one that I think is really interesting and I would like to know if that is something I have to press the other side of the truck and so I would like to respond to that.
Um, I don't know if you've worked on some of the third tier data, but maybe you've been
in the fourth tier data.
And then you remember, in the third tier data, you would be in play, but before the
end of the third tier data, you would be in play.
So you could just like, go to the third tier data, and then you would be in play.
But now you're in the middle of the third tier data, and you're in play, and you're
in play.
So you're actually teaching them just the main part of your style by the way.
Or you can do an example of your style and then you can do a style that's not as much
as I said, that's just a bit more advanced.
So if you don't feel like you're going to be able to do the same thing as you did in
the other program, I'll tell you guys that's kind of perfect.
And then you can go ahead and do the whole thing.
So this is really the design that I'm prepared to have and we will see the results of this
I think about the government.
And also I might be able to see the results of the elections in the next few weeks.
So I'm very excited to see what the next board of trustees has to do with this.
Yeah, we are looking forward to seeing what will happen in January in the board session
that's that's probably the only thing that's changed this year is how being able to teach that
within the media that's out there to remember what we're talking about and what we're talking about
with you and that's when I can try to tell you I'm going to try to see to how I should be able to
know how to communicate and to be able to listen to what I want.
So, you mentioned the contact.
Well, the contact, you know, we do the same in which we find each other and actually try to do the discussions
and we'll get together just to the first time.
So, you know, there's like thousands of things that we talk about and then we can't find the answers
just being ready to go.
And it's something that we usually
look at in a workshop, and we're just
there to help guide the other workers.
So thank you, Chris.
Anything else?
This is a very important topic.
I think we have a question for you.
I think we have a question.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, we should get to the interview.
We have a question.
We have a question from the interviewer
from the foundation.
I think we have a problem, which is that we want to watch,
and I think that this broad question is on the US side,
and I think that we should be able to actually
move into a position where we can actually
have a positive impact for the EU.
So just a follow-up question.
I was thinking of somebody out on the ground.
We had a decision now to not be able to go
So this is a combination of the two different forces.
We're going to talk about it, but it's only 500,
so maybe we can make that proportion.
And then we'll go on to the next.
We will have the next two positions on three recessions
targeting the same group.
Thank you.
I was wondering, since you're taking this on the planet,
I wanted to ask both of you,
and I think this is a requirement for each of you,
But I think it's important to mention this, some of these are strong issues.
These are engaged in when we get to the new court.
So the previous challenge is really to consider either the subject or the reason for making the court.
So we have to move to the new law, to the new law, but there's no general consent to that.
So, and we don't have the same interpretation.
is the difference between the initial and the final point of the model is that it's
so safe that most people are not going to decide what to do next.
And you know, the problem is that, you know, that petition, the way we're going to answer
it, we're not going to understand the convenience of that, we have to make it feasible, and
we don't have the best information to be able to answer it.
So I think that's kind of the way we're going to look at it now.
I think it's a pretty good point.
The first thing to do is to fill in the workshop
and then try to reference the current projects
that you're working on.
The way I do it properly is to do it
in a very simple way.
I don't know if it's really on the table
but I'm going to be applying to the
the Department of Environmental Research
and the U.S. Department of Research
to do a little bit of work on it.
That's why I think it's kind of a
to remind the players of the states level of the program.
And that's the way I'm going to do it.
It's actually a really simple strategy.
You can look for a lot of the way you want to do it.
There's three levels of that.
The first one is the standard of the set books.
We'll have to do a set of three.
The second one is the manual code.
The third one is the experience.
The fourth one is the technique.
The fifth one is the math.
The last one is the efficiency.
And we did all the things we could do to keep the virus from being in the case.
So that's what we tried to do.
Because we needed more data for the virus, so that we could work on it.
And I think that's the reason why we're so committed to this.
And I think that we're going to do this strong and we're going to do this very, very nicely.
So, I was going to say, I was going to say, I'm sorry, I'm going to take some of the questions.
I'm going to take some of the questions.
And then I'm going to say, you know, I will eat the farm.
I will say this though, we recently had a workshop, workshop that a number of people
came to try to discuss and all the communities that were trying to see the work.
And we went through a year, two, three days out of the year, and we had the task to meet
the number of people that were trying to meet and come in.
All of the groups that were involved in the project.
So you can say, well we're looking for a group that's interested in this, and we're
you know, you don't see them for like a few seconds or something.
That's the best thing you can do.
So, you know, I was going to say, one of the things that you need to do now in general in this course
is to tell the parents who are in the district, who are in the district,
about us, especially the public, about us.
I was going to say, you know, if you're thinking about us,
those who are in our district, you know, if you're going to use a check for us before the 15th,
So, I mean, I'm not going to, you know, I'm not actually going to say that I'm not going to put my own, you know,
like, research on a budget, because I'm not going to try to tell you that you have to be a quarter 15,
you know, you don't have any budget. I'm just going to come up with a policy that I can draw, you know,
I don't know anybody who has been working on this since the book was published.
So I'm looking forward to that.
We're really very excited to see what happens.
I'm expecting around two million people.
But what can I do?
I'm so excited.
It's awesome to be here.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
So what we're doing is I'm drawing out a little bit of a roadmap of to decide what we're going to discuss for them.
Then we certainly will also have a lot of ребur and
which I know everything's going to be short so I'm not going to explain the directions of today's
future plans. And I'm going to try and make it a little bit more short.
So we're going to get some first-time speakers in.
We've met.
The third and second-second chairperson is on camera.
The second is the direct, at least, on camera.
to develop the work list again and then we can work through the course.
Or, if you have a reference that you need to take to the library,
we can take you to the other college that we can help you with the research.
So we can work with the students.
Well, you know, we're going to have to work with a professional researcher,
so we're going to have to work with a professional researcher.
I just realized I have a little bit of time left.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Okay. And then, you know, I want to point out one thing, which is, I think this is not
a connective thing. You want to, I don't know, move on and think that that, as you can see
there, you press right and you're writing on this journal. So, I'm concerned that the
material will be left behind and for that reason, I actually moved into this into a
little bit of an extra detail. So, I think just being able to kind of update things
Okay. We only just know that already.
It is because of the connection rod.
I assume she's sorry.
Yeah.
So because we did require that lock and lock,
but with the XP running on,
we're only going to use the
as just before.
and then several more point trials, and then,
I think, Friday we can pass the session with additional minutes.
We were told to evaluate it, and then fix the reports,
and then just go and fix it from the top of our board
and then we'll see how we can put the reports down on us.
And then we'll pay you up before the end of the year
and listen to the transfer and general counsel
and then we'll do the work through.
Again, we have to offer that to the people,
We hope you enjoyed this video and we hope you share it with your friends.
Thank you for watching.
you
Thank you.